1. The core objective of the game is to have the most Honor at the end of the game.
2. The game ends when the Greek army has no more troops during the check in the Night phase.
3. The game will host 3-6 players. There are no special rules for different player counts.
4. The sheet named "Training Setups" is only used when teaching the game to new players. The roles provide a structured training round where players are introduced to the concepts of the game. They are inteded to drastically reduce the cognitive load on players so they can focus on learning the game foundations and some advanced concepts. Note that the training instructions are not fully complete yet.
5. Each round, players take turns placing leaders on action spaces (or investments that provide private actions) and taking the action. The player with the King's Favor token starts the round (since the King's Favor breaks ties, including who goes first), and each player uses one leader per turn, going clockwise around the table. Once a player is out of leaders, they pass for the remainder of the round. Court spaces may only be used by a single player (traditional worker placement), but Province and Undermarket spaces can be used once by each player, though there are some investments that affect this. A player must use all their leaders each round as long as they are able. By the way, I don't like the name of the Night phase. It doesn't really fit with the rest of the game as I intend it. It's supposed to be something like an Event phase or cleanup phase, but I don't have Events, and more than just cleanup happens in it. Make a better name for this phase that is more consistent with the theme and structure of the game.
6. A sanction applies to players that are actively in violation of the given Law. It means when the player uses a leader to take a sanctioned action, the leader has one less level for that action. The higher a leader's level, the more effective an action is, so sanctions are supposed to be more of an annoyance to players and a reminder that they will be taxed soon. The leader used to take a sanctioned action does not permanently lose a level; that action is just a little less efficient.
7. Scheme envelopes are a way for players to attack one another directly without accountability. Each player has envelope at the start of each round with two card markers per player, including themselves. If the starting envelope contents were different in any way, players could theoretically work out who submitted which scheme. At some point during the round, outside the leader/action system, a player may choose to submit a scheme. To do so, they will take the scheme card they have chosen, place a marker (colored paper clip or some other object that securely attaches to the card without damaging it) identifying the target player in the top left corner of the card, place a marker identifying the receiving player in the bottom right corner of the card, and place the marked scheme card into the envelope. The markers used on the card come from the envelope. A player may choose to submit any number of schemes, including 0, in a single envelope, so the markers limit the number of schemes that can attack any one player. For each scheme the player submits, they must also put a Spy token into the envelope. They spy thematically "performs" the attack and is consumed with the scheme. During the Night phase, the envelopes are collected, shuffled, then opened and resolved. Any incorrectly created schemes (incorrect markers or missing spy) are discarded with their spies. All valid schemes are then resolved. To resolve a scheme, the target player will roll one d6. If the value is higher than half his current troop count, the scheme is effective, and the target player must follow the instructions on the card. This is known as the Scheme Guard Roll (the spy has to pass the guards). If the guard roll is less than or equal to half the target's troops (rounded up), the scheme is discarded with its spy. If an effective scheme card has a $D6, the target player must roll another die and use its value when resolving the card. This is known as the Scheme Card Roll and provides a certain amount of unpredictability to the schemes. Once the scheme has been resolved, it is discarded with its spy. All envelopes are then reset and redistributed to the players for use in the next round. Ask more questions about this process if you need any more clarification.
8. Battles are one of the main focuses of the game. At the start of each battle the Persian player who has deployed the most troops gains one honour immediately for being the general of the battle. The number of Persian troops is determined by the number of troops players have deployed in the previous round. Persian Troops are kept grouped by player to aid determination of general. After this, a player rolls one die per player, regardless of who has deployed troops or not, then halves each resulting die value and totals the values (PD3). The sum is the number of Greek troops that are involved in this battle. The Greek troops involved are taken from the Greek reserves and moved into a separate area to be distinct from the reserves. The Persian troops and the Greek troops are then counted; whichever side has more troops wins the battle. If the persians win, each player who deployed troops gains 1 honor immediately. All players who have not deployed troops do not gain honor. The remaining persians then kill an equal number of Greek reserves and are removed from the board. The game then contiues. If the Greeks win the battle, all deployed Persian troops are removed along with a corresponding number of Greek attacking troops. The remaining Greek attacking troops are then given to the player who deployed the fewest troops. In case of a tie, break the tie with the King's Favor, then with a Tie Duel, unless players come to an agreement. A Tie Duel follows the same rules as a normal Duel, but each player uses 3 dice and gains no bonuses from their investments. The loser of the Tie Duel is attacked by the remaining Greeks. When the Greeks attack a player after a battle, the attacked player must remove an equal number of their own troops to fend off the Greeks. The Greek and Persian troops are then discarded and the game continues. If the attacking player does not have enough troops,they discard all their troops and an equal number of Greek attacking troops, then roll one die for each remaining Greek troop, one at a time. For each die rolled, the attacked player must downgrade an investment of the corresponding level to level one. If the player does not have an investment with the corresponding level, they downgrade an investments with the next highest level than the die value rolled. Investments higher than the rolled level are always safe. If a level one investment is supposed to be downgraded, it is discarded completely. For example, if a player has a level three investment and roles a 3, the player will downgrade their  Level 3 investment to level 1. If the player then rolls a one later, that now level one investment  must be discarded. Once a number of investments have been downgraded equal to the attacking Greek count, discard the Greeks, and the game continues. This process of downgrading investments is the same as a scheme "destroying" investments. Ask more questions about this process if you need any more clarification.
9. Some Law cards allow players to change the levels of existing, active Laws. Like investments, each law has a die on it determining the value. This is know as the "Law Boundary" since it determines the boundary between obeying the Law or breaking it. When one of the Law cards that change an active Law is ratified, the sponsor of the new card takes over sponsorship of the existing Law and sets the new value of the existing. The new sponsor will have determined the Law to update and its new value when the modification card is revealed for deliberation. Once it is ratified, any player in violation of the newly updated Law is sanctioned and liable for a tax. The modification Law card is then discarded and the game continues. I don't actually like the term, "Law boundary" since its meaning is not immediately apparent. Coin a new term in the rulebook if you can think of one more specific and clear. Ask more questions about this process if you need any more clarification.
10. At the specified point of the cleanup phase, a player will take note of the current market rate then roll a die. I usually roll the market rate die itself, but another non-player die would work just as well. It doesn't matter which is used. The rolled value will either be greater than, equal to, or less than the original market rate. If the new value is equal to the original, the market rate stays the same, and the game continues. If the new value is greater than the original, set the market rate to the original + 1. If the new value is less than the original, set the market rate to the original - 1. Ask more questions about this process if you need any more clarification.
11. The Investment deck will have 2 copies of each listed card. The Law deck will have 2 copies of each listed card. The Scheme deck will have 3 copies of each listed card. No cards are removed based on player count.
12. Investments are public. Once played from the hand (with a Build action), they are faceup and visible to all players, including the level of the investment. All played investments may be targeted by a scheme. All cards in the player's hand, including investments, are private information and not publicly available nor targetable by schemes, but hand card are inactive and provide no bonuses.
13. All cards in the Law queue are face up and visible to all players, though only the deliberated Law has a set value. Each card should be marked by the player that submitted the Law, and order in the Law queue matters a lot. The markers for Law cards will be the same as the markers for Scheme cards.
14. Leaders are public. Once played from the reserves behind the player's shield or elsewhere on the table (with a Commission action), they are visible to all players, including the level of the leader. All active leaders may be targeted by a scheme. Inactive leaders do not necessarily need to be hidden behind the player's shield since the number of them can be deduced by the number of active leaders (all players have 10 potential leaders). Inactive leaders must simply be kept obviously separate from active leaders. Inactive leaders may not be used in any part of the game until they are Commissioned.
15. I would love this rulebook to be written in a narrative style, like Root. Make it fun and interesting, in the voice of Persian propaganda, and scatter fun, little, relevant bits of Persian history throughout the margins of the rulebook for flavor. Make sure to add as much clarity as possible to reduce the amount players have to read to understand the full game. Avoid offloading much content to an Appendix; some obscure detail is fine, but all main game concepts should be explained in the main part of the rulebook.